Global forms 5 (full release) (#821)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: toolkits/global/packages/global-forms/README.md

# Global Forms

> This component includes a number of form fields and related templates. It is designed to make it as simple as possible to create an HTML form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component includes a number of form fields and related templates.
```
Second sentence feels kind of redundant to me, on reflection

}
```

#### Hints

The `hint` property adds hint text under the main label text but _inside_ the `<label>`. This means it is automatically available to screen reader software.

```json
"hint": "This will be the email address you used when registering"
```

#### Required

> Fields are required by default, because you should not be asking for unnecessary data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are required by default. Avoid asking for information you don't really need. 
```

> The `required` and `aria-required="true"` attribution is applied automatically. Unless `novalidate: true` is applied on the field’s data, browser validation will warn the user when they have not filled out the field upon submission.

Reviewer: Should this say "attribute" rather than "attribution"?

Author: @amyhupe No, I'm listing two attributes.

Author: "attributes are applied automatically" is probably simpler, though

> In the rare cases a field _is_ optional, it can be marked as such using `optional: true`. This will remove `required` and `aria-required="true"` as well as appending the text “(optional)” to the field label. This is the agreed way to communicate a field can be skipped.

Reviewer: Just trimmed this down a bit. Suggest removing the last sentence as, *in theory* everything we do in Elements should be the agreed way to do it.

```suggestion
If you do need to ask for optional information, set `optional: true`. This will remove `required` and `aria-required="true"` as well as appending the text “(optional)” to the field label. 
```

"hint": "This will be the email address you used when registering"
```

> To accompany the `required` property, there is `requiredSuffix`. You can use this to add an indicator after the label text, such as an asterisk. HTML is permitted, meaning you can hide the asterisk from assistive technologies using `aria-hidden`. The presence of the `required` attribute on the input itself suffices for screen reader software.

Reviewer: As discussed on Slack, I think my preference would be to go back to the previous implementation where we have an `optional` property and have fields (implicitly) required by default.

This is because:

1. I hope it might discourage the collection of too much non-essential user data - which is general good practice
2. I think appending (optional) to a field's label is clearer than using an asterisk to denote a required field (though I don't have evidence for this and I accept that the latter is a common pattern).

After discussing with Head of Content Design - we think that appending (optional) to the field's label would be the clearest implementation.

Author: @amyhupe I removed `requiredSuffix` now, since this is redundant in a required-by-default approach.

```json

> "requiredSuffix": "<span aria-hidden=\"true\">*</span>"

Reviewer: See previous comment. 

I also think it might be good to add some guidance around this, e.g.:

Avoid asking for information you don't really need. If you do need to ask for optional information, set the `optional` property to `true`.

Author: @amyhupe See above. Please check the rewording of that section.
